hi Ronnie I'm et I'm Hanna I'm Marian
we're from Chicago we went to request
money hey Ronnie Ronnie I'm feeling
kinda hungry but then you say you can
order but you can't eat it
wait that's so unfair everybody today
are we making matzo nee this is called
omatsu I think it's called pork off
are in English and it's already born
when you buy it at the store but you
still have to walk on it let's remove
the fat fast I just removed them like
this you can read it but it smells and
it gets really greasy so I highly
recommend you to remove it
hold the motor for 30 minutes it's
better to use some ginger and green part
of plinio neo after 30 minutes rinse so
this is how I prepare the motor it
doesn't smell anymore
water in the pot sorry sliced ginger
slice the carrot
bring it to boy but not too much I mean
sorry boy meanwhile we can prepare other
vegetables daikon radish carrot and
white part of green onion this is
konyaku you spoon into bite-size this
way the seasoning will stick better pour
the konnyaku for a minute to remove the
smell connieyc really smells so don't
forget to do this
rinse so everything is ready
you also need miso and soy sauce
porta motor game for 20 minutes while
skimming off the phone
after 30 minutes at the beach the boat
thirty more minutes
then add soy sauce dissolve the miso
paste once the missile dissolve add
white part of green onion and simmer for
5 more minutes roughly I just put some
sugar if you think it's complicated it's
not it's it's really easy you just keep
boiling boiling point you just have to
prepare the ingredients and go boiling
boiling boil that's all Jimmy pepper if
you like
so today's customer was Yi Tian and her
friends from Chicago thank you for the
ring
mm-hmm
c'mon Tommy Tucker I'm not my boys so
she gave me tiny push the Melinda's cut
off but it cuts to state qantas another
dollar
what's with all the time more Toshio
Pato
you know concreted in the schedule it
smaller container she squeezed I don't
know how much it'll move video not gonna
target actually yeah what cinematography
Aramis a don't wanna Jeannie what do I
don't know if you do you must hello mr.
koala
they all know a kora in the second drag
posted a supporting turn is your name no
derivation you can you gotta hop